Quality of life improvements and better docs (#66)
x-tabdeveloping/turftopic: docs/persistence.md

# Model Persistence

> Turftopic models can now be persisted to disk using the `to_disk()` method of models:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Turftopic models can be saved to disk using the `to_disk()` method of models:
```
